docs(health): add documentation for the health feature (#141)
SAP/neonbee: docs/health.md

# Health

> NeonBee provides an extendable API for system health monitoring. The overall health of NeonBee is determined by a set of individual health checks. These checks consist of NeonBee *built-in checks* and *custom checks* that can be provided by a user. All built-in checks are enabled by default, but can be disabled via the `NeonBeeConfig` or in the health-check specific [config](#configuration). The results of the health check procedures are published via an health endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NeonBee provides an extendable API for system health monitoring. The overall health of NeonBee is determined by a set of individual health checks. These checks consist of NeonBee *built-in checks* and *custom checks* that can be provided by a user. All built-in checks are enabled by default, but can be disabled via the `NeonBeeConfig` or in the health-check specific [config](#configuration). The results of the health check procedures are published via a health endpoint.
```

## Architecture

![Health Checks](./health-checks.png)

- **`HealthCheckRegistry`**: is instantiated once and added to the `NeonBee` instance during the boot phase. All health checks that implement the `HealthChecks` interface, can be registered to this registry. It provides a `collectHealthCheckResults()` method which *collects data* from all `HealthCheckVerticle`s that are deployed at the time of the request, *consolidates* the retrieved results, and *returns* the consolidated health check result.
- **`HealthCheckVerticle`**: extends a `DataVerticle` and implements the  `retrieveData(...)` method which invokes all health checks that are registered to the (local) `HealthCheckRegistry` and returns the result of all (local) checks. Subsequent requests will return the cached result of the last check if the time difference to the last request which invoked a check is smaller than the configured `retention` time.
- **`HealthEndpointHandler`**: handles requests to the `health` endpoint, and requests data from the `HealthCheckRegistry`.

## Configuration

> Health checks can be configured in multiple ways. [Global settings](#global-settings-via-neonbeeconfig) apply to *all* checks and can be used to enable / disable all health checks for instance, whereas [health check specific settings](#health-check-specific-settings-via-config-file-on-health-check-level) only apply to a *single* health check. The precedence order is always; health check specific settings overwrite the global.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Health checks can be configured in multiple ways. [Global settings](#global-settings-via-neonbeeconfig) apply to *all* checks and can be used to enable / disable all health checks. [Health check specific settings](#health-check-specific-settings-via-config-file-on-health-check-level) on the other hand, apply only to a *single* health check. The precedence order is always; health check specific settings overwrite the global.
```

### Global settings via NeonBeeConfig

Global settings can be specified on the `health` property in the NeonBeeConfig (i.e., `io.neonbee.NeonBee.yaml`).

| property         | type      | description                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `health.enabled` | `boolean` | Whether health checks should be globally enabled. Can be overridden by any node-specific configuration. |
| `health.timeout` | `int`     | Global timeout (in seconds) for each health check procedure.                                            |

### Health Check specific settings

> Health check specific settings can be applied by adding config files that satisfy the follwoing criteria:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Health check specific settings can be applied by adding config files that satisfy the following criteria:
```
